README.md, before:

# Inferring cell-cell interactions from transcriptomes with *cell2cell*
[![PyPI Version][pb]][pypi]
[![PyPI Downloads][db]][pypi]

[pb]: https://badge.fury.io/py/cell2cell.svg
[pypi]: https://pypi.org/project/cell2cell/
[db]: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/cell2cell?label=pypi%20downloads

## Installation
Create a new conda environment:
```
conda create -n cell2cell -y python=3.7 jupyter
```

Activate that environment:

```
conda activate cell2cell
```

Then, install cell2cell:
```
pip install cell2cell
```
## Examples

---
![plot](https://github.com/earmingol/cell2cell/blob/master/Logo.png?raw=true)
- A toy example containing main standard analyses is [available here](https://github.com/earmingol/cell2cell/blob/master/examples/Toy-Example.ipynb)
- An example of using *cell2cell* to infer cell-cell interactions across the whole
body of *C. elegans* is [available here](https://github.com/LewisLabUCSD/Celegans-cell2cell)
  
---

![plot](https://github.com/earmingol/cell2cell/blob/master/LogoTensor.png?raw=true)
- A capsule containing jupyter notebooks for running Tensor-cell2cell on datasets of COVID-19 an the embryonic development
  of *C. elegans* is [available in codeocean.com]()

---

Commit message:

Added new examples that now include cell2cell Pipeline objects. Fixed minor bugs for their implementation.

README.md, after:

# Inferring cell-cell interactions from transcriptomes with *cell2cell*
[![PyPI Version][pb]][pypi]
[![PyPI Downloads][db]][pypi]

[pb]: https://badge.fury.io/py/cell2cell.svg
[pypi]: https://pypi.org/project/cell2cell/
[db]: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/cell2cell?label=pypi%20downloads

## Installation
Create a new conda environment:
```
conda create -n cell2cell -y python=3.7 jupyter
```

Activate that environment:

```
conda activate cell2cell
```

Then, install cell2cell:
```
pip install cell2cell
```
## Examples

---
![plot](https://github.com/earmingol/cell2cell/blob/master/Logo.png?raw=true)
- A toy example using the under-the-hood methods of cell2cell is
  [available here](https://github.com/earmingol/cell2cell/blob/master/examples/Toy-Example.ipynb).
  This case allows personalizing the analyses in a higher level, but it may result **harder to use**.
- A toy example using an Interaction Pipeline for **bulk data** is 
  [available here](https://github.com/earmingol/cell2cell/blob/master/examples/Toy-Example-BulkPipeline.ipynb).
  An Interaction Pipeline makes cell2cell **easier to use**.
- A toy example using an Interaction Pipeline for **single-cell data** is 
  [available here](https://github.com/earmingol/cell2cell/blob/master/examples/Toy-Example-SingleCellPipeline.ipynb).
  An Interaction Pipeline makes cell2cell **easier to use**.  
- An example of using *cell2cell* to infer cell-cell interactions across the whole
body of *C. elegans* is [available here](https://github.com/LewisLabUCSD/Celegans-cell2cell)
  
---

![plot](https://github.com/earmingol/cell2cell/blob/master/LogoTensor.png?raw=true)
- A capsule containing jupyter notebooks for running Tensor-cell2cell on datasets of COVID-19 an the embryonic development
  of *C. elegans* is [available in codeocean.com]()

---
