#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.7
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via pytkdocs
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.13.1
    # via mkdocs-material
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   pytkdocs
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via mkdocs
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
debugpy==1.7.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
fastjsonschema==2.19.0
    # via nbformat
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==0.30.1
    # via mkdocstrings-python
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via
    #   attrs
    #   click
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.16.2
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
ipython==7.34.0
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==4.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupytext==1.15.2
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
markdown==3.4.4
    # via
    #   markdown-include
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-include==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.5
    # via jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-gen-files==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-jupyter==0.24.3
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material==9.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings[python]==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
    #   mkdocstrings-python-legacy
mkdocstrings-python==1.1.2
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocstrings-python-legacy==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.6.0
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
paginate==0.5.6
    # via mkdocs-material
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via mkdocs
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via mkdocs
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.6
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pygments==2.17.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
pymdown-extensions==10.2.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
pytkdocs==0.16.1
    # via mkdocstrings-python-legacy
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mkdocs
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
regex==2022.10.31
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via mkdocs-material
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   platformdirs
    #   pytkdocs
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via requests
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.10
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.42.0
    # via astunparse
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools